##How to Plot?

###Plotter ID
Click on the following link: 
https://diskcoin.org/PidGenerator/index.html#btnGroup 
To check your PID is applicable. If yes, you are no need to replot files to mine DISC. If your PID is not applicable, you need to use the tool to generate new PID and then plot if you want to mine DISC. Kindly note that with the PID generated by Diskcoin PID Generator, you could also mine other POC coins together. 


###Plotting Software

####ENGRAVER

Engraver is a BURST plotter that natively generates optimized plot files. It generates PoC2 files and is intended to work on any UNIX system with a sufficiently sane filesystem (able to pre-allocate space), but for now only Linux and MacOS have been tested. 64bit only!

Main Developer : PoC-Consortium

Download link : https://github.com/PoC-Consortium/engraver

Platform : Linux, MacOS

Installation guide : Compile from Source


####TurboPlotter 9000

TurboPlotter 9000 is a CPU/GPU PoC 1 + PoC 2 plotter and plot integrity checker.

Main Developer : Blackpawn

Download link : https://blackpawn.com/tp/

Platform : Windows, Linux, MacOS


####XPlotterGui

XplotterGui is a GUI version of Xplotter with SSD Cache, File Merging and POC2 Conversion features.

Main Developer : JohnnyFFM

Download link : https://github.com/JohnnyFFM/XPlotterGui/releases/latest

Platform : Windows


####XPlotter modded
XPlotter is the default plotter that comes with QBundle and provides CPU PoC 1 plotting for BURST whith AVX support. This modded version supports PoC2 plotting.

Main Developer : JohnnyFFM

Download link : https://github.com/JohnnyFFM/XPlotter/releases/latest

Platform : Windows



##How to Mine Diskcoin?

###Preparation for mining
1.A hard disk mining device that has been assembled and plotted.

2.A Linux/Windows/Mac system computer that can install the Diskcoind wallet.

3.A Windows system computer that can run the dcminer.


###Deploy Diskcoind wallet
####Linux system:

Install the Diskcoind

The file name is: diskcoin0708.zip. Please copy it to the prepared Linux server and unzip it.

Modify the configuration file

The configuration file "diskcoin.conf" does not need to modify by default, unless the ports are occupied.

Start the Diskcoind service

Enter the Diskcoind directory

cd diskcoin

Start Diskcoind service command

./diskcoind or ./diskcoin-qt

Wait for the Diskcoind to sync full node data

./diskcoin-cli getinfo View current block height

./diskcoin-cli getblockcount View the latest height

If the two values are the same, then the full node data has been synced, indicating that you can start mining.


####Windows/Mac system:

Install the Diskcoind
The file name is: diskcoin0708.zip. Please copy it to the prepared Windows or MacOS server and unzip it. 
If you have previously installed qt wallet, please delete previous date before installment.



###Start mining

The file name is: dcminer.zip. Please copy it to the prepared Linux server and unzip it.

The dcminer needs to run in the windows environment.

Modify the mining device configuration file: miner.conf

<font color="#C4C4C4">Server = IP of the Diskcoind server</font><br /> 

<font color="#C4C4C4">Port = 63336 #rpcport of Diskcoind server</font><br /> 

<font color="#C4C4C4">UpdaterAddr = IP of the Diskcoind server</font><br /> 

<font color="#C4C4C4">UpdaterPort = 63336 #rpcport of Diskcoind server</font><br /> 

<font color="#C4C4C4">InfoAddr = IP of the Diskcoind server</font><br /> 

<font color="#C4C4C4">InfoPort = 63336 #rpcport for Diskcoind server</font><br /> 

<font color="#C4C4C4">MinerName = m1 #can be empty</font><br />  

<font color="#C4C4C4">Others can use the default value.</font><br /> 

If the configuration is completed, double-click dcminerAVX2.exe to start mining!

###Download installation package: https://github.com/diskcoin-apps-team/wiki/releases
